Here's our function admission again that tells people
whether or not they pass their requirements to ride a roller coaster.
But the code is a little bit changed.
It still requires that a person input their height so that they can test it.
And then this function will return a string passText
that tells them whether they pass or don't pass.
In our previous example,
the string was printed out using print lines inside our function.
But this time, we're returning an output,
this passText string, and nothing will print out when we call this function.
Notice the inner if and else statements,
the passText string takes on a different value,
and we only return its value at the very end of our program.
Return statements like this one end a function call,
and so they always have to go below any code that we want to execute.
So this code is almost finished,
but it won't actually return the string we want.
Something is incomplete or missing.
Can you identify the problem out of the following four options?
passText isn't a string variable,
we have the wrong return type,
a wrong return statement,
or nothing is wrong at all.